Download implementation sources...
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/oop_programming/DlsmXBN2FNc

the aim of the project is to compress files using the numbers in the binary format of the bytes stored in the computers.

A byte can store a number which has a range from 0 to 255. Several bytes can be added to form a single byte for example a byte containing a integer 10 and another 20 can be added to 30 and stored in a single byte.

The below link shows how to convert byte to integers and back to byte-
http://oop-edge.blogspot.in/2014/01/byte-to-integers-and-back-to-byte-in.html

Now a byte having a value of 225 cannot be added with another byte having a value of 230 which will have a value of 225+230=455 which is greater than 255.

therefore all integers are stored in two separate variables using the rule below(java code) -

here k represents the actual binary number and y represents the other number generated by the rule.

> k = b & 0xFF;

> if (k>225) {
> > y = 1;
> > k = k-225;

> } else if(k>200 && k<=225) {
> > y = 2;
> > k = k - 200;

> } else if(k>175 && k<=200) {
> > y = 3;
> > k = k - 175;

> } else if(k>150 && k<=175) {
> > y = 4;
> > k = k - 150;

> } else if(k>125 && k<=150) {
> > y = 5;
> > k = k - 125;

> } else if(k>100 && k<=125) {
> > y = 6;
> > k = k - 100;

> } else if(k>75 && k<=100) {
> > y = 7;
> > k = k - 75;

> }
> else if(k>50 && k<=75) {
> > y = 8;
> > k = k -50;

> }
> else if(k>25 && k<=50) {
> > y = 9;
> > k = k - 25;

> }
> else {
> > y = 0;

> }
> System.out.print("," + y);
> data1[l ](.md) = (byte) k;
> data2[l ](.md) = (byte) y;

The idea of the above rule is to generate numbers which would be less that 25 and 10 numbers can be added to a single number which can be stored in a byte.

The y and k are stored in byte array and stored to the disc namely data1 and data2.

Now data1 and data2 are having the same size of the original file as the number of bytes have not decreased.

Now the files data1 and data2 are fed to a compress function which takes 10 integers and generates three numbers
> a) the addition of the 10 numbers
> b) two numbers generated on the basis that there can be huge number of ways how a number is added.

For example to get 2 from 10 inetgers there can be several ways -
> a) 0+0+0+0+0+0+0+0+1+1

> b) 0+0+0+0+0+0+0+1+0+1

> c) 0+0+0+0+0+1+0+0+0+1

> d) 0+0+0+0+0+0+0+0+0+2

The numbers generated are on the basis that there is a lookup table which stores three integers - a)the value 2
b) two integers which says what the value stands for.

For example the three values 2,0,0 means the first example -       a) 0+0+0+0+0+0+0+0+1+1

2,0,1 means the second example and so on.

The lookup table needs to be constant and can be used to decrypt the original value at the time of uncompression.
The lookup table is stored in a mysql table in the implementation.

Thus the numbers generated by the compress method can be stored in two separate files -
  1. having the added byte(2 in this example)
> 2) another file having the two numbers for 1 number in the above file (0,0 or 0,1 in this example)

thus there will be a total of three bytes for 10 bytes in the original file(data1).

The above process compress has to be done for the other file generated(data1 and data2 generated above from the rule code).

In data2 file 10 numbers can be added once as the total of 10 numbers would be less than 255 as the maximum integer of byte is 9.


The total bytes thus generated would be 3 for data1 and 3 for data2 or a total of 6 bytes for 10 bytes in the original file.

The above method can be iterated for the new files generated.

The 3 files thus generated for data1 can again be compressed using first rule and then passed to the compress method.

Download Sources...
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/oop_programming/DlsmXBN2FNc